hey guys then we give you a tutorial for
my cartridge delusion I posted the other
day oh it's a really fun effect to
perform live and see yeah let's just get
right into the tutorial so spectator can
pick any card just an impromptu trick so
let's just say they take that one there
the Jack of Diamonds and so then we're
going to do is your control the Jacka
diverts to the bottom and the way I
usually do it is I'll ripping on the
sides back and put their garden show it
again and I'll push the card in but
while pushing up I'm gonna pull my
fingers back to so that the card will
stay on the top packet at the bottom one
so putting in you just kind of like pull
the cart up like this so it'll stay on
the bottom part right here instead of
going on top right here then you'll have
this little gap right there and then
you're at what you're a new is you're
going to pretend like you're squaring up
like this and really you're grabbing
your pinkie break then you can do kind
of a reverse table cut move like this or
you could just do the one we've got to
get the bottom whatever suits you best
simulated their carbon bottom and you
can give any kind of cuts if you wanted
or if you do without flashing bond you
can even just give a little shuffle as
long as our Kart stays on the bottom so
that word you're going to do is your
foot for the top perps you like alright
so there's your card right there and
they'll be like no you're like okay and
this is this part you kind of guy do a
little bit fast or some people might
catch on to it and interrupt the trick
so you got a bit like okay well if your
cards not on top that is probably not on
bottom so we'll just take the bottom
card will set that one down to and when
you're really doing you're setting down
a different card about their car which
is still in the bottom face up and what
you're going to do and again try to do
is kind of quickly because the specular
my tip they'd be like oh wait that is my
card and you know they built thick they
can run the trick is having me before so
we're going to do is just quickly grab a
double lift flip it over then only pick
up the top card and take it away as
you're turning this packet with your
left hand you're going to turn it away
while you're taking this card and set
down right there then you're just going
to keep that on the bottom face up so
try not to flash it
at this point you can basically do
wherever you want you can put as many
cards out here as you want I like to do
three or five so good like that your
card know how about right here that one
no that one yeah so then after that just
give the deck a cut side side and that's
set for the rest of the trick now this
is where you have a little fun with the
spectator because they'll notice that
their card was in here hopefully so
they'll be like yeah my cards in there
like okay well let's just give the cards
a little bit off well you can tell me
when to stop whatever and I'll say stop
and they take any card of course about
that card and you can go through with
this with all cards and they'll be
really confused because they don't know
why their card isn't in there but then
you'll just be then you can just say
well it's funny that you thought your
card was in there because i actually
knew that your card was right here the
whole time and it goes really really
good reactions i love performing it live
that's overall it's a good trick so hope
you guys liked the tutorial and actually
give them a little teaser for contrast
number three and these are some of the
cars they'll be giving away these are
bicycle pro poker peak cards they're
really really nice I like them a lot so
you look for those contests number three
tone towards the end of May and also I
have two new live medic videos for you
or magic at school and they're going to
be on my hands so watch them they're
really good ones actually a trick that
I'm going to do a close-up performance
of soon and you'll probably figure would
figure out what that one is she gets a
really really awesome trick so thanks
for watching guys give it a thumbs up if
you like to throw in one more I'm gonna
comment below if you have any
suggestions or stuff you want to see I
am going to get around to the deck
reviews I know why people wanted the
gargoyles deck review and the dead eyes
so we'll be doing those soon and until
then I'll see you guys next time